4.s450 - Final project

Ideas for data sources :

super-glue data - meta data about news videos - duration, entities, keywords, frames
Visualization tells a story:
Who is interesting?  what sources are talking about who, most used words, frames?

Ben:
Looking for signals in the past for the things that are now boiling (Apple vs FBI -- companies posting at their privacy policy - google, at&t).
The graph fot the entities has very long tail. intersting to look at the center, not top subject like trump, but the stuff in the center
How do you navigate this huge dataset archive in a way that is not a search box

For the videos, looking at the signals, looking at the steep region of the power law(Apple, Trump)  

All sources have the same thing in the top news (cnn vs. npr)

Recipes data - recipes, ingredients, nutrition facts, reviews
Most used ingredients, nutrition visualization, price breakdown, recipes by category, recipes with most ingerdients, ingredients families

Ben:
Interesting to think about how you navigate between the recipes, not with a search box or by ingredient, how things relate to ech other, what is similar
Ben: The most interesting thing to look at, given a number of recipes, how can you make something interesting instead of search buttons and etc., but you can look whether the search process can be reorganized. 
Visualization is not a chart and a pie but how do you get from chart a and chart b.  H0w do you get from point A and point B.  How do you interact with that 

James:
Recipes - visualizing using the image, and percantege of ingredients in the recipe showing on the image

MIT Data
Who teaches what
enrollment data

Google books n-grams - hbrew - english comparison of words
https://aws.amazon.com/datasets/google-books-ngrams/?tag=datasets%23keywords%23encyclopedic

Metropolita data
type of works - dates - artist gender  - artist origin - color histogram
http://www.metmuseum.org/about-the-met/policies-and-documents/image-resources


sentiment analysis
Icons / colors - politics, internatioal, business, technology, entertainment, sports, science, health, tec.


Algorithms:
Running a modification of Apriori algorithm to find all sets of word in closed captions
Running svd for Principlae Component Analysis (PCA) of the adjancy matrix to get best locations for the entities bubbles.